so this is the meat slicing machine the
on off button is down here there's a
zero which means it's turned off and then
there's a one which means it is turned on
always ensure that the blade is
at zero before turning the machine on
this dial will give you the thickness of the
meat or the cheese that you will be slicing
that works so you can get whatever thickness
you desire always make sure again it's at zero
so it is closed before you start operating
the machine once you've placed meat or cheese
into the food tray you're going to do so by
placing it down against the guide and then
where these dimple ends are pushing down quite
firmly to secure the meat or the cheese that
you are slicing, when slicing you can put your left
hand on the top right hand to guide whatever it is
that you are slicing through the machine you
can also use just your right hand to push the
meat through too what you should never do
is have the guard open and push the meat
through with your hand here that is very very
dangerous and can lead to a very nasty accident
so for the thickness I'm going to do this i'm
going to put it through with slicing some double
smoked bacon I'm just going to start the setting
off at about two / one and a half I'm going to say
one and a half I'm going to
turn the machine on and again
when we're right hand is on top and I'm just
going to glide the meat through you can gather
each slice with your hand your hand has
to stay a long way away from the blade
if I would like this meat a little thicker
then I can adjust the dial so I can get a
thicker piece of sliced bacon if I wanted
also if I wanted it thinner I can adjust the
dial so that it is a thinner slice as well
so traditionally we're going to use this in
the industry for slicing deli meats roast meats
and cheeses, it can also be used for hot meats
and always turn it off and then before you put
your hands anywhere near what you've sliced
and then turn the dial to a zero